Update HISTORY for 0.32.2 and 0.32.3 (#2095)
TileDB-Inc/TileDB-Py: HISTORY.md

# Release 0.32.3

* TileDB-Py 0.32.3 includes TileDB Embedded [2.26.2](https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/releases/tag/2.26.2)

## Build system changes

> * Pass pretend version to container by @dudoslav in https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB-Py/pull/2077

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Override tag version in manylinux container by @dudoslav in https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB-Py/pull/2077
```
